docs: update nuxt context section in 6.nuxt-app.md (#31005)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/2.guide/3.going-further/6.nuxt-app.md

Many composables and utilities, both built-in and user-made, may require access to the Nuxt instance. This doesn't exist everywhere on your application, because a fresh instance is created on every request.

> Currently, the Nuxt context is only accessible in [plugins](/docs/guide/directory-structure/plugins), [Nuxt hooks](/docs/guide/going-further/hooks), [Nuxt middleware](/docs/guide/directory-structure/middleware) (in named and global route middleware), and [setup functions](https://vuejs.org/api/composition-api-setup.html) (in pages and components).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the Nuxt context is only accessible in [plugins](/docs/guide/directory-structure/plugins), [Nuxt hooks](/docs/guide/going-further/hooks), [Nuxt middleware](/docs/guide/directory-structure/middleware) (if wrapped in `defineNuxtRouteMiddleware`), and [setup functions](https://vuejs.org/api/composition-api-setup.html) (in pages and components).
```
